hi this is Martin Kemp
and Steve Norman hello Spandau Ballet
we're doing confidential
we're fairly fit guys but you know just
watching rehearsal yeah
now that's something else a
fantastically yes it is so familiar oh
yeah I love the show and I love what it
easy sure the secret is everyone just
strictly every time you speak to some
happens it's got a few sequins around
because they kind of get loose - I'm
working everything is good for me around
playing live it sure we haven't done for
20 years
and
I uh I want Ricky my older EastEnders
partner
well we'll be playing as class expand
our children strictly but to see what it
is that you didn't find out